Update SocketModeClient document more; in addition to #1176 (#1178)
slackapi/node-slack-sdk: docs/_packages/socket_mode.md

const appToken = process.env.SLACK_APP_TOKEN;
const socketModeClient = new SocketModeClient({ appToken });

const { WebClient } = require('@slack/web-api');
const webClient = new WebClient(process.env.SLACK_BOT_TOKEN);

// Attach listeners to events by type. See: https://api.slack.com/events/message
socketModeClient.on('member_joined_channel', async ({event, body, ack}) => {

>   try {

Author: adjusted indents

To receive interactivity events such as shorcut invocations, button clicks, and modal data submission, your listener can subscribe to "interactive" events.

```javascript
const { WebClient } = require('@slack/web-api');
const webClient = new WebClient(process.env.SLACK_BOT_TOKEN);

socketModeClient.on('interactive', async ({ body, ack }) => {
  await ack();
  if (event.callback_id === "the-shortcut") {
    // handle the shortcut here
    await webClient.views.open({
      trigger_id: body.trigger_id,
      view: {
        type: "modal",
        title: {
          type: "plain_text",
          text: "My App"
        },
        close: {
          type: "plain_text",
          text: "Close"
        },
        blocks: [
          {
            type: "section",
            text: {
              type: "mrkdwn",
              text: "Hi there!"
            }
          }
        ]
      }
    });
  }
});
```

For slash commands, you can subscribe to "slash_commands" events and dispatch requests inside the listener.

```javascript
client.on('slash_commands', async ({ body, ack }) => {
  if (body.command === "/the-command") {
    await ack({"text": "I got it!"});
  }
});
```

> For more complex apps, it's worth considering to use Bolt framework. Bolt provides much easier ways to register listeners for events and user actions. Refer to [Bolt's document](https://slack.dev/bolt-js/concepts#socket-mode) for more details.

Author: Probably, other maintainers can come up with better sentences here. Feel free to add suggestions here.

> For more complex apps, it's worth considering to use Bolt framework. Bolt provides much easier ways to register listeners for events and user actions. Refer to [Bolt's document](https://slack.dev/bolt-js/concepts#socket-mode) for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When your app has multiple interactive events or slash commands, you will need to include your own routing logic. This is a good time to consider using Slack's Bolt framework, which provides an easier ways to register listeners for events and user actions. You can learn more in [Bolt's Socket Mode documentation](https://slack.dev/bolt-js/concepts#socket-mode).
```
